-------------------------------------
- DSS Content Reader: CAM Interface -
-           Version 0.6             -
-------------------------------------

--- Usage ---

Start for use with COM 1:
> dsscrcam.exe

Start for use with COM 2:
> dsscrcam.exe 2

General usage format:
> dsscrcam.exe [COM_PORT_NUM]


--- Program Information ---

This application communicates with a DIRECTV access card
by sending instructions to it. It is designed for use
with the DSS Content Reader application and the DSS-to-DVB
plugin. These use the CAM interface to provide support for 
subscription channels to the user.


--- Requirements ---

- Phoenix-compatible smart card reader
- RS-232 Serial Port (COM Port)
- P4/D1/D2 access card (for DIRECTV US), or
  GX28 access card (for DIRECTV LA)


--- FAQ ---

Q: How will I know if it's working?
A: Once the DSSCR or DSS-to-DVB is running,
    it will automatically connect to the CAM interface.
    On the screen, dsscrcam.exe will display the type of
    access card that it has detected. After that, the IRD 
    number should be displayed followed by any card 
    instruction numbers (ex. INS 58) for the instructions 
    being sent by the application or plugin. 

Q: Messages keep scrolling that the card was changed, but
    it hasn't been touched. How do I stop this?
A: If this occurs, remove the access card from the card reader
    and then reinsert it. You may also have to close and
    re-open the dsscrcam.exe application.

Q: What do the INS numbers stand for?
A: INS 2 and 58 return card information
   INS 5E is used to get Pay-Per-View purchase history data 
   INS 40 and 54 are used to authorize subscribed video
   INS 26 is used to signal channel changes to the card
   INS 46 and 30 are used when purchasing Pay-Per-View (PPV)
    movies and events. They may appear when PPV channels
    are selected in the program guide. 
   INS 42 will appear whenever an update of some kind needs
    to be sent to the access card from your DSS provider.


--- Disclaimer and Comments ---

This application has no special or secret abilities related
to the VideoGuard system designed by NDS and used by DIRECTV.
The access card is simply reset and then passed instructions
by the DSS Content Reader / DSS-to-DVB plugin. The use and format
of these instructions was determined mostly by observing the 
communication that takes place between a real DIRECTV receiver
and its access card both during the receiver's initialization
process and while the receiver is active. Data for the INS 40,
INS 42, and INS 46 instructions are all readily available in
DIRECTV's transport stream.

This application is designed for use by one and only one user
at any given time. The socket interface is used to provide
local or remote access to the CAM interface for that one user. 
The socket interface will terminate any existing connection and
any related processing immediately when it detects a new connection. 
Processing requests from simultaneous connections is not possible 
on several levels.

Since Linux users cannot run TSReader or dsscrcam.exe, but they can
run VLC Media Player and the main DSS Content Reader application, 
the socket interface enables them to run the Windows applications
on a remote PC while using VLC and DSSCR on their Linux computer.

This application will sometimes produce non-standard responses
to instruction requests if it considers such requests to be 
inappropriate for any reason. If such responses persist, it will
most likely be necessary to restart the dsscrcam.exe application
in order to ensure that normal operation resumes.

While it may be easily observed, the protocol used between the 
main DSS Content Reader application and dsscrcam.exe is not
documented and will not be documented in the future.

The main DSS Content Reader application does not and will not 
provide a means or interface for users to send and/or receive 
arbitrary data using the CAM interface application. In other words, 
all communication between the access card and "virtual" receiver 
will always be regulated internally by the main DSS Content Reader 
application. The same applies to the DSS-to-DVB plugin.


--- Legal Notes ---

DIRECTV is a registered trademark of DIRECTV, Inc.
VideoGuardｮ is a registered trademark of NDS Limited.